## DISCUSSION POST 2

  I think the most important factor in giving a successful presentation/speech to an audience you don't know is opening with something that will make them attentive and active. The biggest problem is when you start off with information that doesn't grab there attention and then they are left just listening and going along with what you say in the moment. This results in passive listening and no one is really holding the information that is being given. So as stated in the presentation starting off with something that gains there attention is key, but then there's a problem. That will only last so long, so in order to keep that attention you need to keep the audience involved.

  Keeping attention can be achieved through many different methods, the most common that comes to mind is asking question to the audience. This is often used by teachers in order to make sure the students are listening but also put them on the spot to answer the question. Another common method of attention grabbing is just changing your voice ton through out the presentation. A lot of the times when someone changes there tone it means something important and will causes someone to pay closer attention to what they are saying. You can see this being done by many great speakers, along with just changing up what is thought to be coming next. Often times a watcher of a presentation falls into a predictive pattern when listening to the speaker. If the speaker is to pause, take moment and stop talking this is a huge wake up sign to anyone listening and often grabs there attention. 
