## DISCUSSION POST 5 PART B

  *Pages 255-260 explain how the online speaking environment can affect speech delivery.  How do you think that our online speaking environment has or will affect your delivery?  What can you do to help mediate these effects?*

  `Now obviously depending on the person and where they are quality of image, and sound has a lot to play in the affects of someone's speech delivery. But ignoring that online, computer to computer speech delivery can really vary on the person. For me personally computer delivery is much better. I hate standing in front of an audience for some reason having the ability to mute or turn off my camera makes me more comfortable. But other then that there are many other factors that come into play when you are using a computer to deliver a speech. For some people using technology is harder and makes the speech more difficult. This is becoming more and more apparent in the working world since most large businesses that give presentation all the time are going remote. For example my grandfather is an attorney and they had a huge adjustment period when they had to figure out how to use technology and also learn how to work around that technology. And although he and his coworkers weren't entirely technologically incompetent it still was a big adjustment from the in person way they usually do things. Although this is common factor among most people when using remote conference systems I find that once someone can use the technology efficiently remote conferencing is much more enjoyable. `
